1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Ans:- Funtions are set of code which can be repeated if required and we can reduce our code length using them.

2. When does the code in a function run: when it&#39;s specified or when it&#39;s called?
ans:-code in a function runs when it’s called.

3. What statement creates a function?
ans:- "def funtion name (*args): " these creates funtion 

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?	
ans:A function is a piece of code which enhanced the reusability and modularity of your program. It means that piece of code need not be written again. 
A function call means invoking or calling that function, Unless a function is called there is no use of that function.	
																								
5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
ans:- Global scope is one and local scope can be called whenever funtion is called
,variable created in the main body of the Python code is a global variable and belongs to the global scope.
      variable created inside a function belongs to the local scope of that function, and can only be used inside that function
      Global variables are available from within any scope, global and local.

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
ans:-A local variable retains its value until the next time the function is called 
A local variable becomes undefined after the function call completes The local variable can be used outside the function any time after the function call completes.

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
ans:-Yes return value can be accessed as a part of return statement it returns a value .

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
ans:-If there is no return statement for a function, its return value is None.

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
:-A global statement will force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable.

10. What is the data type of None?
:-None is a specail data type which does not have ant value , datatype is NULL.

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
:-It will import a module/funtion name areallyourpetsnamederic

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
:-This function can be called with spam.bacon().

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
:- I will do try and except and write a sentence in except why it is failing.
14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
:- try and except are the clauses as follows:
try clause will work if the condition is true and 
except will return the statement or variable, written in except block if condition is false or giving error.